1) Generative Adversarial Networks are a type of artificial intelligence that can generate fake images that appear convincingly real. Until GANs were invented, artificial intelligence was not yet capable of imagination. Now, GANs can be used to create everything from artwork to faces of celebrities that don’t actually exist. There are two opposing networks in a GAN - a generator, and a discriminator. p(y|x) The generator is responsible for creating random images, and the discriminator is responsible for deciding which look real and which don’t. The generator is fed a random noise signal, which it transposes into pixels through a 4-layer process of convolutions. The generator tries to maximize the probability of producing an image that matches certain criteria for the discriminator. This is done through a p(y|x) (probability of y given x) type of function. For instance, the probability of producing a cat given that this image contains ears, or p(cat|ears). The discriminator then takes this generated image of a cat and compares it to multitudes of real images of cats (also using probability functions and 4 convolution layers). After assessing the fake image from the generator, the discriminator signals that either the image is convincing or unconvincing.
2) The idea of adversarial networks was half-conceptualized in the 1960s, but due to lack of resources, wasn’t fully realized. Later on it was reinvented by Jurgen Schmidhuber in 1990. He came up with the idea of opposing neural networks, called Net 1 and Net 2. Then, in 2014, Ian Goodfellow with help from a team of other computer scientists further developed this idea and coined the term General Adversarial Networks. He now works for the Google Brain team, and had just received a PhD from the University of Montreal before inventing GANs.
3) GANs have been used for a variety of purposes. A computer-generated painting called Edmond de Belamy sold for $432,000 in 2018, which has led to very interesting discourse on how the value of art is changing in the digital age. There is a scary possibility that GANs will put artists and designers out of work - GANs can now auto-generate video game characters, design graphics, and compose music. MidiNet is an example of a GAN that can generate melodies. They’ve even been used to style outfits, like with DiscoGAN, a adversarial network that can select clothes based on style, color, texture, and compatibility.
4) GANs fall under the category of strong AI - this type of AI can remember past information in order to complete tasks, whereas weak AI (a bot that plays chess, for example) will not remember past information. GANs are also a form of machine learning AI - this type of AI learns by itself and improves over time in order to complete a set goal. Self-driving cars fall under this category.
