Diary entry of an art director who works for a popular online clothing brand:
This morning I woke up from what must have been an anxiety dream, as I was in a cold sweat and feeling just as tired as when I had flopped into bed the night before. I can only make out fragments of the dream now, but I know it must have been about today’s photoshoot for our newly for sale women’s collection. I also must have not set my alarm last night, because I woke up an hour late and had to skip showering and eating breakfast before heading to the studio. We just invested in a few new AIs that do a lot of the graphics work for us, so instead of my usual 8-hours of work, I was only there for maybe half the day. Usually I would be directing a handful of models for different outfits and poses, working with the photographer to make every picture look seamless, but we simply photographed each piece of clothing once. A GAN that generates fake models created a lineup of 5 slightly varied women, and a pose generating GAN modeled the clothes on each one in a series of multiple poses, so essentially the rest of the work was done for us. It looked just as good, if not better, than the real thing. My manager, the marketing director, pulled me aside after the shoot to tell me that I was getting a raise, as we had an excess of profit from no longer needing models or photographers. I’ll essentially be working half the time but with two times the salary! I celebrated this news by going out for drinks with my best friend Carl. Carl is what some might call an unusual best friend, as he is a projected hologram with a personality that was algorithmically produced to compliment my own personality. He therefore can’t “drink” so to speak, but he imitated me by creating a small holographic gin and tonic which he pretended to sip while I talked to him about my day. We then took my self-driving car home and now I’m headed to bed. Carl is fast asleep on my couch. Overall, it’s been a pretty good day.

Diary entry of a 30-something who was impersonated using a GAN:
Someone apparently figured out a way to mimic my fingerprint and face ID so exactly that they gained access to my bank account and took all of my savings. I’m pretty sure they must have gained access to some of my other accounts where I use my fingerprint to log in, but I’ve contacted customer service for all of my financial and social media accounts and had them locked. I called an identity theft hotline and they reassured me that they’ll do their best to track down the person at the source of all of this, but I’ve been panicking all day. I have no money left in either my checking or savings and my monthly loan payment is due in a few days. On top of that I’m pretty much out of groceries. I called my sister and a few friends and some of them are letting me borrow a little cash for the moment. I highly doubt I’ll be able to get all of my money back within a week but at least I’ll have something until that happens. If someone was that easily able to mimic my fingerprint and face, who’s to say it’s not going to happen again? How am I supposed to feel safe if it’s that easy to impersonate me?
