The internet is a series of smaller decentralized networks that are
interconnected into one giant network of computers. As complicated as this may
sound, a single network is quite simple - just a connection between two
computers. This can be achieved in several ways, but mostly is done through
modems, or electromagnetic waves for using Wi-Fi. Modems convert an analogue
signal into a digital signal, which allows computers to communicate with one
another, and for one computer to request information from the other. Many
computers can join a single network, forming a sort of cluster. The internet
operates by connecting these clusters into one giant computer network. This
network allows for the transfer of information such as instant messages, emails,
and of course, the web. The internet is often confused with the World Wide Web,
but the web is just one piece of the internet - the web is essentially the
largest catalog of information ever, and is what houses websites.

Several ideas preceded and inspired the creation of the internet. First, the
Mundanium, a library that would be vast enough to contain every book and piece of
information ever created, and where people could access these texts on little
screens. There was the idea of a memex, a device that could store every piece of
information ever recorded. A man named Ted Nelson conceptualized the internet
around 30 years before it was actually invented, although his vision, called
Xanadu, has yet to be fully realized. Xanadu presents an entirely different
format of accessing media than the internet we know today. The basic idea behind
Xanadu is to liberate one from the cage of paper, and transform the experience of 
reading and researching.

In 1977, packet-switching technology was introduced - this allows data to be
disassembled, sent to a different computer through several paths, and reassembled
at the destination. This technology forms the basis of the internet. In 1991 the
first webpage was created, and shortly thereafter the internet could be accessed
by the public. For a while dial-up internet was used, but by the early 2000s the
switch was made to wifi, which had been invented decades before by Hedy Lamarr.
